Episode 1
Hey, Shinzan, wait!
What's that voice?
Yatagoro Gen-shichi.
What? Gen-shichi?
What?
I heard that you were playing in the field of Ikezuki,
a place that is just ahead of us.
I've been waiting for you at the foot of the bridge.
I've been waiting for you.
I heard that you were playing in the field of Ikezuki,
but would you lend me some money?
I've been waiting for you.
I'm not going to let you go.
Then why did you lend me money?
I've been waiting for you.
I have something else to give you.
What?
Your life is mine.
What's wrong?
I'm not going to let you go.
You're still playing.
You're so stupid.
You can't read this.
I'm a white boy,
so I'm always asked to lend you money.
When I went to get my daughter,
I hit my head against the cashier's face.
I was embarrassed.
I was a little embarrassed,
but I was a good boy.
I didn't know how to fight you.
I'm not going to buy you a fight.
I've been patient until today.
I thought it was good to have a fight.
I'm going to be a good boy.
Every time I hear rumors,
I touch the table and hear the story.
The real thing is here today.
I don't know if the steel will be cut.
It's a life-saving exchange.
If you can take it, try it.